[Docs] Button documentation improvement (#6111)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/README_Button.md

![Button](../Documentation/Images/Button/MRTK_Button_Layout.png)

## How to change the icon and text

> To change the text of the button, update the *Text* component of the *TextMeshPro* object under *IconAndText*. You can change the icon by replacing the material that is assigned to *UIButtonSquareIcon* object. By default, *HolographicButtonIconFontMaterial* is assigned. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To change the text of the button, update the *Text* component of the *TextMeshPro* object under *IconAndText*. Changing the icon can be done by replacing the material that is assigned to *UIButtonSquareIcon* object. By default, *HolographicButtonIconFontMaterial* is assigned. 
```

<img src="../Documentation/Images/Button/MRTK_Button_IconUpdate1.png">

> To create a new icon material, duplicate one of the existing icon materials. You can find these materials under ``MixedRealityToolkit.SDK/Features/UX/Interactable/Materials`` folder. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new icon material, duplicate one of the existing icon materials. These can be found under ``MixedRealityToolkit.SDK/Features/UX/Interactable/Materials`` folder. 
```
